[FAQ] Improve explanation of change best practices (#333)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

#### Your Options

#### Avoid change in the first place.

> When ever possible, send transactions where the destination addresses receives the entire value, and you don't get any change back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever possible, send transactions where the destination addresses receive the entire value, and you don't get any change back.
```

> This can easily done by clicking the `Max` button in the `Send` tab, this will automatically deduct the mining fee and send the highest amount possible to the destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can easily be done by clicking the `Max` button in the `Send` tab, which will automatically deduct the mining fee and send the highest amount possible to the destination.
```

This might not be possible in some cases where you have to pay a specific value of a payment request.

> However, in other cases it is possible, like for example for donations or when depositing at an exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in other cases it is possible, for example donations or when depositing to an exchange.
```

> Consider supporting invaluable projects like [the tor project](https://fund.btcpayserver.org) or [the electronic frontier foundation](https://supporters.eff.org/donate/donate), you can find a list of organizations that accept bitcoin donations [here](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Donation-accepting_organizations_and_projects).

Reviewer: Shouldn't the link of the tor project be https://donate.torproject.org/?

Author: Oh you are right - it should actually be https://donate.torproject.org/cryptocurrency to lead to the bitcoin donation. 

I clicked there on the btcpay button, and it lead to that page with an invoice link, which I then pasted in the docs. Stupid mistake of me to not check what the domain was... 

I'll fix it

> Consider supporting invaluable projects like [the tor project](https://fund.btcpayserver.org) or [the electronic fountier foundation](https://supporters.eff.org/donate/donate), you can find a list of organizations that accept bitcoin donations [here](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Donation-accepting_organizations_and_projects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider supporting invaluable projects like [the tor project](https://fund.btcpayserver.org) or [the electronic frontier foundation](https://supporters.eff.org/donate/donate), you can find a list of organizations that accept bitcoin donations [here](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Donation-accepting_organizations_and_projects).
```
Shouldn't the link of the tor project be https://donate.torproject.org/?

#### Spend the change to the same entity as the initial transaction, but always use a new address.
So if in the first transaction you have 0.1 bitcoin and send Alice 0.04 bitcoin, you get 0.06 bitcoin back as change.

> Now in the second transaction where you want to send Alice 0.05 bitcoin, you can select that 0.06 bitcoin change coin without loosing any privacy, because Alice already knows this is your coins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now in the second transaction where you want to send Alice 0.05 bitcoin, you can select that 0.06 bitcoin change coin without loosing any privacy, because Alice already knows this is your coin.
```

In this second transaction you will get back 0.01 bitcoin as change.

> If in a third transaction you want to send Alice 0.02 bitcoin, then you can consolidate the 0.01 bitcoin change with a new 0.1 bitcoin anonymity set coin, thus getting 0.09 bitcoin change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If in a third transaction you want to send Alice 0.02 bitcoin, then you can consolidate the 0.01 bitcoin change with a new 0.1 bitcoin anonymity set coin, thus getting 0.09 bitcoin change.
```
`0.1 bitcoin anonymity set coin` do you mean `0.1 bitcoin mixed coin`?

Author: good one

> Now Alice will know that you owned that 0.1 bitcoin and the 0.09 bitcoin change, but she cannot find out about your pre-mix transaction history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now Alice will know that you owned that 0.1 bitcoin and the 0.09 bitcoin change, but she cannot find out about your premix transaction history.
```

#### Spend the change to another entity, if these two won't make you trouble knowing you interact with both of them.
For example when with a 0.1 bitcoin anonymity set coin you buy coffee from Alice for 0.01 bitcoin, you get back 0.09 bitcoin change that Alice knows is yours.
If in the next transaction you spend the 0.09 bitcoin change in the pizza restaurant of Bob, then Alice might find out that you go to Bob's restaurant, and if she doesn't like that, then she can refuse to serve you coffee the next time, or even worse.
But if instead you spend the 0.09 bitcoin change in a transaction to Carol, a good friend of Alice, then Alice might not care and will still give you coffee for the next round.

#### Consolidate several change coins, but in a CoinJoin directly.
If you would consolidate many change coins in a regular non-CoinJoin transaction in the `Send` tab, then any outside observer can easily see that one user controls all these coins.

> Because there are many hundreds of randomly ordered inputs in a Wasabi CoinJoin transaction, it is no longer this easy to find out which ones of these belong to one single user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because there are hundreds of randomly ordered inputs in a Wasabi CoinJoin transaction, it is no longer easy to find out which coins belong to one single user.
```

However, during the [input registration phase](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#what-is-happening-in-the-input-registration-phase), your wallet provides an input proof for all the registered coins to the coordinator.

> Thus the coordinator knows that you control all these coins, and although zkSnacks claims to not keep any logs, it is a reasonable assumption that everyone knows what the coordinator knows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus the coordinator knows that you control all these coins, and although zkSNACKs claims to not keep any logs, it is a reasonable assumption that everyone knows what the coordinator knows.
```
